Main Structure 
- Intro 
  - Good morning everyone, my name is Harry and today I would like to share my opinions about good study habits. I believe that everyone has their own understanding of study habits. People have different experiences, personalities and favorites, different educational backgrounds can also lead to various results when people choose their sutdy plans. So I would like to list 3 general points of study habits which fits most of us.

- Point 1
  - First goes to Building Interest, I think if you want to be a good learner, Interest is the most important part. Einsten once said that "Interest is the best teacher" and many people believe this saying. It becomes a general recognition. There was an essay published on 2016 Jun 30 named "Interest Matters: The Importance of Promoting Interest in Education", this essay lists the definition of interest and gives a fully explanation on how the insterest prompts student's study. Researchers often divide the topic into sophiticated parts to illutrate, but this is a short speech and I only have 5 mins so I would to combine my self-experience to show you how to build interest. 
  - I have a strong interest in reading books, this is a situational interest which connected with our daily life. This kind of interest push me to figure out why some poems and articles are so beautiful and inspiring. Then I came to phase 2 - figuring. After that I realized why and got a sense of accomplishment which means I have got the interest to learn language.
- Point 2
  - And then I would like to talk about Preview. Actually preview is ignored by most of people. When I was in senior high, most of my classmates including me didn't do preview at all because of many reasons. Like lots of homework, preview is a waste of time extra. But when I tried to do preview in 15 mins per day to prepare the next day's class, I found myself become more confident and clear to do my class works. Because preview can build a basic concept of raw knowledge and it's more like a process to study by ourself. When teacher start to teach new knowledge officially, we are finding out the mistakes we made when doing preview. I can't say preview is more helpful than review.
- Point 3 
  - Finally goes to the mapping part. Mind mapping is a visual technique that helps students organize and connect information, ideas, and concepts. It can enhance learning by stimulating creativity, improving memory, and facilitating communication.Compared to the previews points, mapping is more practical and more useful. It can help students to build knowledge systems of subjects. 
  - How to create a mind mapping then? First, we need to think of the main topics like Computer architecure. And some 
